Fixed typo in line 8 (#429)
KxSystems/docs: docs/architecture/index.md

---
# Architecture of kdb+ systems

> A kdb+ tick based archicture can be used to capture, process and analyse vasts amount of real-time and historical data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A kdb+ tick based architecture can be used to capture, process and analyse vast amounts of real-time and historical data.
```

> A kdb+ tick based archicture can be used to capture, process and analyse vast amounts of real-time and historical data.

Reviewer 2: Incorrect spelling. Should be architecture
